Peggy's 16 SIA
room 2 is going to be an absolutely
massive game it is by far the biggest
and best total war game ever that's a
bigger in terms of the scale of the maps
the scale of the armies the scale of the
cities you'll be fighting over you can
go from the sea to the land and have
combative combined battles now Carthage
is on the North African coast it's quite
a long way from from Rome but at the
time it was a major Tennessee power
Carthage was a huge problem for me
because I had an empire which dominated
not only North Africa but also Spain at
one point Carthaginian Army's got very
close to dealing a lot of damage to Rome
and they thought it was about time that
this should all come to an end because
Rome was really on the cusp of losing
the war
so they had to come from the
masterstroke the siege of Carthage been
going on for several years so Skippy I
was sent to break it forgive you I was a
renowned Roman general in charge of this
attack the final assault on Carthage and
his orders were to annihilate we had to
build a massive city much bigger than
anything we've built before now one of
the problems we have depicting huge
cities like Carthage in in a game is now
on the one hand you've got to be
faithful to what the place was actually
a life but on the other hand it has to
fit into the context of the game we had
to come up with a convincing way of
having the the ships landing on the
shore and make it look really cool there
are trade-offs there trade-offs between
depicting it exactly the correct scale
and making a game that's the problem
the total number of units you can
control the battle will be 40 and this
includes combined land and naval forces
first time there's more to see there's
more there's more terrain to cover
places to hide stuff it can be enormous
ly difficult to keep track of 40 units
at the same time so what we've done is
created a tactical map it's been
something we've wanted to put in the
game for quite a few titles now but it's
never quite been right so some people
might think that putting a tactical map
into the game may make it too easy you
can't actually control units from that
level it's very much a tactical overview
it's really a a great orientation tool
there's something that the players have
been you know crying out for four years
and we're finally delivering it the
tactical map really helps you keep track
of where things are where you are where
their needs
so for the next FDA we're leaving the
shores in the mediterranean behind we're
going to go into the forests of Germania
and gore and we're going to be looking
at barbarians about various appearance
cut that